##Preference fusion based on attention weight normalization for sequential recommendation
Sequential Recommendation focuses on using the user's historical interaction sequence to predict their next item. Usually, the user's global and local preferences will work together to varying degrees on the recommendation results. The existing sequential recommendation models tend to ignore the problem of attention imbalance when modeling users' global preferences, and the influence of user behavior uncertainty is ignored when modeling user's local preferences. To this end, we propose a novel parallel architecture for capturing global representation of attention weight normalization and dynamic local representation and performing adaptive fusion, termed as PNSR. Specifically, for the global representation, we capture global information using MLP and improved multi-head attention to normalize the weights between different item feature representation in the interaction sequence. For local representation, we incorporate local convolution into Light-SA and utilize MLP to combine candidate item and local preference representation to capture real-time changing local semantic information. Furthermore, we design a perceptual fusion unit to adaptively fuse global and local representation. We conduct experiments on three widely used public datasets, demonstrating that our approach outperforms most baseline models.
##### Download movielens-1m dataset
    $ cd data/
    $ bash download_dataset.sh
## Train the LSPM model
    $ python main.py
